[DOCU-1798]Adds changelog entries for the 2.2.1.5, 2.3.3.4, 2.4.1.3, and 2.5.0.2 hot fix releases (#3172)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/enterprise/changelog.md

no_version: true
---

## 2.5.0.2
**Release Date** 2021/09/02

### Fixes

#### Enterprise
- This release fixes a regression in the Kong Dev Portal templates that removed dynamic menu navigation and other improvements

> from portals created in Kong Gateway v2.2.1.4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from portals created in Kong Gateway v2.5.0.1.
```

  with command not found". [#7523](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/7523)

## 2.4.1.3
**Release Date** 2021/09/02

### Fixes

#### Enterprise
- This release fixes a regression in the Kong Dev Portal templates that removed dynamic menu navigation and other improvements

> from portals created in Kong Gateway v2.2.1.4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from portals created in Kong Gateway v2.4.1.2.
```

    which prevented access to other necessary modules such as `kong.log`.

## 2.3.3.4
**Release Date** 2021/09/02

### Fixes

#### Enterprise
- This release fixes a regression in the Kong Dev Portal templates that removed dynamic menu navigation and other improvements

> from portals created in Kong Gateway v2.2.1.4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from portals created in Kong Gateway v2.3.3.3.
```
